<h1>Introduction</h1>
This project revolves around the use of the ESP-WROOM-32 touch modules within the pins of the microcontroller. The main purpose is to be able to use the touch sensors to detect specifically where (which pin) the detection occurred in and to increment the detection count from the EEPROM. This was done in the Arduino IDE in the language of C++. Ensure that the board can communicate with the Host on COM(1-5) in Serial Communication. Respective drivers for the communication may be needed.
<h2>Required Libraries</h2>
- esp32 by expressif (Board Library)
- ArduinoJson by Benoit Blanchon
<h2>Code Disection</h2>
The code serves as foundational information to test the functionality of the touch module found within the pins of ESP32. To start off, we included the Arduino and EEPROM header files and defined the pins (2,4,13) to be the inputs of our program. An integer value (30) served as the threshold value for when a touch is detected by the pin, otherwise, bogus values with be given and attempted to be handled by the program which can lead to issues.
<h3>EEPROM Library</h3>
The main functions used in the program from the EEPROM library is EEPROM.begin(size) which sets the value saved data by integer "size" bytes. At the start of our loop(), Detections is set by the data found in address 0 of the EEPROM then it is printed in a String() parser. We used EEPROM.read(0) to read from address 0 and save it in the integer variable Detections. EEPROM.write(0, Detections) was used to overwrite the data in address 0 by the new incremented value of detections such that we may be able to conserve the count between resets. EEPROM.commit() is used to save the changed EEPROM.write() values between resets.

<h3>loop()</h3>
After the value of Detection counter is printed, TouchDetected the variable of set {t1,t2,t3} is used to determine which pin(s) detected an input less than the STRONGTOUCH(threshold value) that was set at 30. After an input is detected by reading t1,t2,t3 through the use of touchRead(pin), TouchDetected bits 0-3 may be set/cleared based on detection where bit 0 is pin 4, bit 1 is pin 13 and bit 3 is pin 2. Therefore, we can now check where the touch occurred through a simple if-else statement for the case that 1 pin was triggered. Otherwise, we need to use a switch-case to determine how many pins detected touch if there were multiple detections. After determining which pin(s) had detected a touch, we incremented the detection counter and saved it by using EEPROM.write(address, Detections) where the address is the default 0. EEPROM.commit() is used to save the changed EEPROM.write() values between resets.
